so you have your 145 linearly up the
fingerboard now we're going to put them
this way one four and five Joey my red
I'm blue am I yell be flat so you get
that down first and now we're going to
go the next version BF my yellow so we
want yellow for the one still wearing
your sorry my for corby one Fred higher
as a red
and now my blue down here so be wet and
see of the 145 the key of F I can't talk
and play and now from where the pinky is
there make that the one new know for the
F F by yellow my four chord or might be
flat and two frets lower my red for my
five chord so we're not using sevens for
these dominance yet because those are
substitutions or we'll talk about that
theory when we get to them so red I mean
blue I'm sorry yeah just think about my
red cord is my down a substitution we
need to get that down well so in red and
when we're done with that and really
have that down well then we really go on
to the next understanding of these
things because we're gonna be able to
put melodies to them if we know the
progressions well we're gonna learn some
simple scales this is what we talked
about with modes Ionian Lydian
mixolydian Phrygian we're going to use
all of those things we're not going to
really worry about the name is just
going to memorize some forms all right